
Processing AngularCorrAlt.C...
Angular Histogram for Index 0;Energy (keV);Index 0
Projection Histogram for Index 0;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_0
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_0.png
Angular Histogram for Index 1;Energy (keV);Index 1
Projection Histogram for Index 1;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_1
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_1.png
Angular Histogram for Index 2;Energy (keV);Index 2
Projection Histogram for Index 2;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_2
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_2.png
Angular Histogram for Index 3;Energy (keV);Index 3
Projection Histogram for Index 3;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_3
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_3.png
Angular Histogram for Index 4;Energy (keV);Index 4
Projection Histogram for Index 4;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_4
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_4.png
Angular Histogram for Index 5;Energy (keV);Index 5
Projection Histogram for Index 5;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_5
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_5.png
Angular Histogram for Index 6;Energy (keV);Index 6
Projection Histogram for Index 6;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_6
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_6.png
Angular Histogram for Index 7;Energy (keV);Index 7
Projection Histogram for Index 7;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_7
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_7.png
Angular Histogram for Index 8;Energy (keV);Index 8
Projection Histogram for Index 8;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_8
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_8.png
Angular Histogram for Index 9;Energy (keV);Index 9
Projection Histogram for Index 9;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_9
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_9.png
Angular Histogram for Index 10;Energy (keV);Index 10
Projection Histogram for Index 10;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_10
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_10.png
Angular Histogram for Index 11;Energy (keV);Index 11
Projection Histogram for Index 11;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_11
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_11.png
Angular Histogram for Index 12;Energy (keV);Index 12
Projection Histogram for Index 12;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_12
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_12.png
Angular Histogram for Index 13;Energy (keV);Index 13
Projection Histogram for Index 13;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_13
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_13.png
Angular Histogram for Index 14;Energy (keV);Index 14
Projection Histogram for Index 14;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_14
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_14.png
Angular Histogram for Index 15;Energy (keV);Index 15
Projection Histogram for Index 15;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_15
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_15.png
Angular Histogram for Index 16;Energy (keV);Index 16
Projection Histogram for Index 16;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_16
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_16.png
Angular Histogram for Index 17;Energy (keV);Index 17
Projection Histogram for Index 17;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_17
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_17.png
Angular Histogram for Index 18;Energy (keV);Index 18
Projection Histogram for Index 18;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_18
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_18.png
Angular Histogram for Index 19;Energy (keV);Index 19
Projection Histogram for Index 19;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_19
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_19.png
Angular Histogram for Index 20;Energy (keV);Index 20
Projection Histogram for Index 20;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_20
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_20.png
Angular Histogram for Index 21;Energy (keV);Index 21
Projection Histogram for Index 21;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_21
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_21.png
Angular Histogram for Index 22;Energy (keV);Index 22
Projection Histogram for Index 22;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_22
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_22.png
Angular Histogram for Index 23;Energy (keV);Index 23
Projection Histogram for Index 23;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_23
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_23.png
Angular Histogram for Index 24;Energy (keV);Index 24
Projection Histogram for Index 24;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_24
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_24.png
Angular Histogram for Index 25;Energy (keV);Index 25
Projection Histogram for Index 25;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_25
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_25.png
Angular Histogram for Index 26;Energy (keV);Index 26
Projection Histogram for Index 26;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_26
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_26.png
Angular Histogram for Index 27;Energy (keV);Index 27
Projection Histogram for Index 27;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_27
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_27.png
Angular Histogram for Index 28;Energy (keV);Index 28
Projection Histogram for Index 28;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_28
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_28.png
Angular Histogram for Index 29;Energy (keV);Index 29
Projection Histogram for Index 29;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_29
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_29.png
Angular Histogram for Index 30;Energy (keV);Index 30
Projection Histogram for Index 30;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_30
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_30.png
Angular Histogram for Index 31;Energy (keV);Index 31
Projection Histogram for Index 31;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_31
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_31.png
Angular Histogram for Index 32;Energy (keV);Index 32
Projection Histogram for Index 32;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_32
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_32.png
Angular Histogram for Index 33;Energy (keV);Index 33
Projection Histogram for Index 33;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_33
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_33.png
Angular Histogram for Index 34;Energy (keV);Index 34
Projection Histogram for Index 34;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_34
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_34.png
Angular Histogram for Index 35;Energy (keV);Index 35
Projection Histogram for Index 35;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_35
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_35.png
Angular Histogram for Index 36;Energy (keV);Index 36
Projection Histogram for Index 36;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_36
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_36.png
Angular Histogram for Index 37;Energy (keV);Index 37
Projection Histogram for Index 37;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_37
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_37.png
Angular Histogram for Index 38;Energy (keV);Index 38
Projection Histogram for Index 38;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_38
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_38.png
Angular Histogram for Index 39;Energy (keV);Index 39
Projection Histogram for Index 39;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_39
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_39.png
Angular Histogram for Index 40;Energy (keV);Index 40
Projection Histogram for Index 40;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_40
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_40.png
Angular Histogram for Index 41;Energy (keV);Index 41
Projection Histogram for Index 41;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_41
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_41.png
Angular Histogram for Index 42;Energy (keV);Index 42
Projection Histogram for Index 42;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_42
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_42.png
Angular Histogram for Index 43;Energy (keV);Index 43
Projection Histogram for Index 43;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_43
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_43.png
Angular Histogram for Index 44;Energy (keV);Index 44
Projection Histogram for Index 44;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_44
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_44.png
Angular Histogram for Index 45;Energy (keV);Index 45
Projection Histogram for Index 45;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_45
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_45.png
Angular Histogram for Index 46;Energy (keV);Index 46
Projection Histogram for Index 46;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_46
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_46.png
Angular Histogram for Index 47;Energy (keV);Index 47
Projection Histogram for Index 47;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_47
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_47.png
Angular Histogram for Index 48;Energy (keV);Index 48
Projection Histogram for Index 48;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_48
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_48.png
Angular Histogram for Index 49;Energy (keV);Index 49
Projection Histogram for Index 49;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_49
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_49.png
Angular Histogram for Index 50;Energy (keV);Index 50
Projection Histogram for Index 50;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_50
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_50.png
Angular Histogram for Index 51;Energy (keV);Index 51
Projection Histogram for Index 51;Energy (keV);Counts
h_angIndex_51
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/NonFitted/h_angIndex_51.png
h_angIndex_0_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_0_fitted.png
h_angIndex_1_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_1_fitted.png
h_angIndex_2_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_2_fitted.png
h_angIndex_3_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_3_fitted.png
h_angIndex_4_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_4_fitted.png
h_angIndex_5_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_5_fitted.png
h_angIndex_6_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_6_fitted.png
h_angIndex_7_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_7_fitted.png
h_angIndex_8_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_8_fitted.png
h_angIndex_9_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_9_fitted.png
h_angIndex_10_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_10_fitted.png
h_angIndex_11_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_11_fitted.png
h_angIndex_12_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_12_fitted.png
h_angIndex_13_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_13_fitted.png
h_angIndex_14_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_14_fitted.png
h_angIndex_15_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_15_fitted.png
h_angIndex_16_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_16_fitted.png
h_angIndex_17_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_17_fitted.png
h_angIndex_18_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_18_fitted.png
h_angIndex_19_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_19_fitted.png
h_angIndex_20_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_20_fitted.png
h_angIndex_21_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_21_fitted.png
h_angIndex_22_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_22_fitted.png
h_angIndex_23_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_23_fitted.png
h_angIndex_24_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_24_fitted.png
h_angIndex_25_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_25_fitted.png
h_angIndex_26_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_26_fitted.png
h_angIndex_27_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_27_fitted.png
h_angIndex_28_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_28_fitted.png
h_angIndex_29_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_29_fitted.png
h_angIndex_30_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_30_fitted.png
h_angIndex_31_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_31_fitted.png
h_angIndex_32_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_32_fitted.png
h_angIndex_33_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_33_fitted.png
h_angIndex_34_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_34_fitted.png
h_angIndex_35_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_35_fitted.png
h_angIndex_36_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_36_fitted.png
h_angIndex_37_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_37_fitted.png
h_angIndex_38_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_38_fitted.png
h_angIndex_39_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_39_fitted.png
h_angIndex_40_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_40_fitted.png
h_angIndex_41_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_41_fitted.png
h_angIndex_42_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_42_fitted.png
h_angIndex_43_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_43_fitted.png
h_angIndex_44_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_44_fitted.png
h_angIndex_45_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_45_fitted.png
h_angIndex_46_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_46_fitted.png
h_angIndex_47_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_47_fitted.png
h_angIndex_48_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_48_fitted.png
h_angIndex_49_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_49_fitted.png
h_angIndex_50_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_50_fitted.png
h_angIndex_51_fitted
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/Angular_Histograms/Fitted/h_angIndex_51_fitted.png
0 11.814 11.1958 11.2476 10.4764 9.61798 10.0502 9.64416 9.60141 9.78817 10.2084 10.6047 10.3598 10.6613 11.0827 10.4913 11.0977 11.422 11.7605 10.9379 12.0906 12.2893 12.5266 12.9925 13.2661 13.2186 13.0545 13.3816 12.524 12.9483 12.2122 12.4262 12.0755 11.0803 11.3647 10.5368 10.4361 10.5331 10.0469 11.3411 10.4479 10.2613 9.86643 10.0945 9.95159 9.21598 10.0084 9.76667 10.5859 12.1136 11.5079 12.8107 
Angular Correlation for ^{44}P;Cos(#theta);Normalized Counts
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/corr.pdf
/home/cnatzke/Griffin_Sim_v10/detectorSimulations_v10-build/Simulation_Results/corrfolded.pdf
(const class AngularCorrAlt)39115536
